What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When a repository is initialized it sets up the required metadata for git functions. It creates a .git folder and from then on git commands 
can be triggered. This makes sense when git environment is set up for a new repository not cloned from others. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Staging area is a placeholder where the files are staged which are relevant for a logical unit of functionality. With this comparisons can be done between working directory v/s staging and staging v/s repository. The developer can use staging area as a double reassurance before commit is made.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Master Branch could be the main shipment track where objects are kept clean and stable. Branches can be created to prototype new features, redesign or a major bug fix and treated and scrutinized separately before being merged into the master. Branches help in trying out different approaches to a problem. Thus a degree of independence is achieved with branching, which would have been difficult in case of a single branch due to locks.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It tells me about the commit trail, the reachable paths and the unreachable commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Brings the changes done in two different branches into a single branch thus unifying two development tracks. It helps in visualizing the fork of branches from master and then the merge onto master helping understand the concept in a much better way.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
It is very similar to correction workbench in ABAP, where there are no conflicts with contexts from two branches automatic works fine,
thus increasing productivity. Whenever there is a conflict the owners of the objects decide how the conflict should be handled and the merge
executed.